all right so now we're at the Xbox so
now you're gonna go to my xbox and go to
your system settings click on memory and
go to your USB which you have downloaded
it to so the gamer profile that you
downloaded should be blood mod I already
like blood MOT should be in the gamer
profiles it'll say blood-bought alright
so what you're gonna do when you get to
blood mod click on it and click move and
move it to your hard drive or your xbox
360 Slim's memory unit so then it will
be in your mum whatever you moved it to
so now the map pack should be under
games so for some reason my mom or for a
few corrupted here but I still have the
stimulus right here but this is
corrupted but I have the good one
already like on my thing so you move the
stimulus and the profile to your yours a
hard drive or your Xbox 360 slim is
memory unit I'm just gonna check if it
corrupt no it did not corrupt all right
so now once it's there you're good so
far as long as it's not corrupted and if
it is corrupted just try it again but
after you have it you've um
click and dragged the map pack into the
your USB with the 16 zeros for after
it's in there wait about a half an hour
and then it should work and yep and then
after that yeah just do what you did and
plug it in your xbox move it to your
hard drive or a console
all right so now you're done that go to
play one or more fair - just ignore me
in the TV there all right so your save
device is gonna be the memory unit all
right so this is where you're going to
be signed in on your first controller so
your controller right here you're signed
into it this is like number one so and
then you're gonna turn on your other you
should app you have to have two
controllers for this plugging your
second controller here's my second one
this is my mod well not really mod but I
bought it at the store turbo fire so
after your second ones plugged in
signing to the blood mod profile that
you've downloaded from the RDL
productions one youtube channel and his
link sign in to that this will pop up
because the you haven't made an avatar
for it yet but I won't work because it's
a customized profile like you didn't he
didn't make it on the Xbox so after
you're done that sign out
and then yeah and then you're gonna go
back to your first controller and xbox
live like you usually do just to check
if you have it go to change map bonus
maps and there you have it
stimulus my favorite map is crash so
let's just see if it works
gene deathmatch looks like it's working
some people say that once you start the
game it'll say your disk cannot be read
but I don't think mine is doing that I
think it's gonna work looks like it's
working fine so though there's the map
pack you can download the resurgence map
pack - it'll be in the guy's description
the link to megaupload calm so there you
have
there is your free modern warfare 2 DLC
map pack I hope you guys know how to do
this if you have any troubles whatsoever
or you don't know what you're gonna do
or how to do it just add me on xbox
butter muffin 98 10th prestige jealous
no I'm just kidding
Here I am butter muffin I'm the leader
of hdk oh that's my clan I'm a scoping
clan yes and yep there's a bee bu TT er
mu f fi n98 if you have any trouble just
invite me to a private chat or a party
but if you do not have a mic
I will try helping you over text chat
but if it gets too complicated I will
probably just tell try to give you
another link to another video and that
should help you and then there you have
it that is your tutorial how to get the
dlc mfx for free